Update Stop-SPOTenantRename.md (#70)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Stop-SPOTenantRename.md

## SYNOPSIS

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This feature is is in preview and currently available to organizations that have no more than 1000 total SharePoint sites and OneDrive accounts combined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This feature is in preview and currently available to organizations that have no more than 1000 total SharePoint sites and OneDrive accounts combined.
```

> > This feature is is in preview and currently available to organizations that have no more than 1000 total SharePoint sites and OneDrive accounts combined.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This feature is in preview and currently available to organizations that have no more than 1,000 total SharePoint sites and OneDrive accounts combined.
```
